12.07.2023
Project orientation
Created a new repository "Rezeptbuch" in Github.

13.07.2023
Established protocol. Added the protocol (Rezeptbuch-protocol.pdf) in the assets folder
Designed logo
Home page basic layout finished

14.07.2023
Improved Home page, modified by removing vertical navigation bar
Finished Starters, Main course and Desserts page
I am not sure how to implement Javascript in the website

16.07.2023
Added add_recipe.html where a new recipe is added successfully and the recipe is displayed on the same page after form submit
added code to script.js to open add_recipe.html upon cliking Add a Recipe link on the home page
In the landing page implemented local data storage to save the recipe details
Problem: the recipe is displayed on the add_recipe page upon submission. But it needs to be displayed upon clicking a recipe card in the starters, main course and desserts pages. Working on this further.
Added edit_recipe.html and delete_recipe.html
Added Favourites section
Problem: recipe displaying on the same page not resolved

17.07.2023
Changed prototype
Add recipe and edit recipe coded and working
Recipes not being added to respective recipe cards. Still fixing the problem

18.07.2023
Recipes are being displayed in the respective category.
Favourites function coded and working. Favourited recipes displayed in the favourites section
Local storage working well, the added, edited and favourited recipes are loaded even after the page refresh
Basic requirements of the project (add, edit, delete, favourites, organizing recipes in respective categories) are done
Problem: The recipe details are being added within the recipe card which is not readable. Need to implement the code in such a way that when I click on a recipe card, the recipe details open in a modal window.

19.07.2023
Added view button to the recipe card
Added description field to the add recipe form
The view recipe button on the recipe card is not functional yet. Clicking on this button must open the recipe details with ingredients and method in a modal window, not under the recipe card. Yesterday tried to implement this with some plan which did not work, but today planning to dynammically hide and show contents with modal window. Have been working on it today and correcting some code for this.

